---
date: 2018-03-19 19:07:15 -0600
title: Level 90
---
Cordolvar chains four more dungeons and dings that sweet level 90.

## Quick Stats

|----------------------------------|-------------------|-------|
|                                  | Since Last Update | Total |
|----------------------------------|-------------------|-------|
| Deaths                           | 2                 | 86    |
| Dungeons Tanked                  | 4                 | 110   |
| Dungeons Tanked Since Last Death | 0                 | 0     |
| Levels Gained                    | 1                 | 90    |
|----------------------------------|-------------------|-------|

## Progress Made

Cordolvar jumped around between the Lost City of the Tol'vir, then Vortex Pinnacle, Gate of the Setting Sun, and Mogu'shan Palace. Overall, they were fun runs. He died once while fighting Asaad, Caliph of Zephyrs, but it was neither his fault, nor the healer's this time. The DPS failed to get into the lightning triangle in time, and they all died. Without DPS to help, there was no way Cordolvar and our healer could finish the boss by themselves.

On Cordolvar's first trip into Mogu'shan Palace, the party failed to down the last boss, Xin the Weaponmaster. It was a valiant and chaotic fight, with a lot of things to avoid. On our second attempt, the party's healer suggested that Cordolvar pull the boss back to chamber's entryway. We defeated Xin much more easily this time. I'm guessing that by containing the party into a smaller area, our healer had an easier time keeping up, and additionally area-of-effect healing would be more effective that way.

## Random Notes

* &#x1f44e; I'm still dying more than I'd like.
* &#x1f44d; Cordolvar looted upgrades for his boots, bracers, and one ring.
* &#x1f44d; Level 90!

I'm excited to check out the Warlords of Draenor introductory quests, so my next play session will not likely be too dungeon heavy. I wonder when I receive a garrison?

### UI Modifications

I've switched my cooldown [Weak Auras]({% link _ui_mods/weak-auras.md %}) from simple icons, to progress bars, and moved them to the Northeast of the center of my screen (they were centered above my character previously). I like this better. I also need to add a cooldown progress bar for [Heroic Leap][heroic-leap] though.

{% include powers.md %}
