---
title: Level 30
date: 2018-01-31
---
I flew through six and a half dungeons last night.

## Quick Stats

|-----------------|-------------------|-------|
|                 | Since Last Update | Total |
|-----------------|------------------:|------:|
| Deaths          | 2                 | 3     |
| Dungeons Tanked | 6.5               | 14.5  |
| Levels Gained   | 6                 | 30    |
|-----------------|-------------------|-------|

## Progress Made

Last night Cordolvar achieved level thirty, and selected _Impending Victory_ for his second talent. While I am running dungeons pretty much constantly, _Inspiring Presence_ doesn't actually heal Cordovar, it heals the rest of the party. In a ten-or-more person raid, it's hard to say no to that, but in a five-man group, and Cordolvar with only one other "uh oh" button (that being _Shield Block_), being able to use _Impending Victory_ at least every 30 seconds seems like a nice win. Plus I can probably use it more than that. I'll want to adjust my [Weak Auras](/ui-mods/weak-auras) to match I imagine.

Speaking of Weak Auras, I added one that simply shows the _Shield Block_ icon and plays a sound when it's up. It's been helping me use it on cooldown more effectively though. I rarely hear the sound though. I picked the "Wham!" sound, and it blends into combat too much.

Cordolvar ran six and half dungeons last night. The half was a Gnomeregan run that I entered just before the last boss. I also managed a Scarlet Halls, 2&times;Stockades, 2&times;Blackfathom Deeps, and Shadowfang Keep. Died once in Stockades on the trash in Hogger's room, presumably because the healer disconnected (or left? Who knows.) We got a new healer pretty quickly and finished it up.

## Random Notes
* &#x1f44d; Got a gloves upgrade! &#x1F601;
* &#x1f44e; Still haven't managed to go an entire session without dying.
* One time, it took at least _ten_ seconds to queue! _Gasp!_

### UI Modifications

I added a Weak Aura:

* An icon and sound when _Shield Slam_ is up.

I like it a lot. It's helping me internalize the cooldown timing, and it's a great reminder for when things get out of control.

I'm also trying out [Tidy Plates: Threat Plates](https://wow.curseforge.com/projects/tidy-plates-threat-plates). Overall, I like the idea, but I'm definitely going to have to change some settings. What I like is that it's immediately obvious if I've missed someone in a pull, or lost aggro for some reason. It's also a bit easier to click on them (though I still try to tab to them first). However, I greatly dislike the re-use of green, yellow, and red for the stock threat colors. I found myself ignoring mobs that were green, thinking they were friendly for some reason. I imagine I could get used to the re-use of the colors, but why? I'll just change them. To what? I'm not sure yet. But I know I won't be using green for mobs I have a safe threat lead on.
