---
date: 2018-04-03 08:34:18 -0600
title: Level 110!
---
Cordolvar reaches 110 while exploring Highmountain. More UI tweaks are made. A new chapter of the game begins.

## Quick Stats

|----------------------------------|-------------------|-------|
|                                  | Since Last Update | Total |
|----------------------------------|-------------------|-------|
| Deaths                           | 0                 | 89    |
| Dungeons Tanked                  | 2                 | 118   |
| Dungeons Tanked Since Last Death | 2                 | 6     |
| Levels Gained                    | 8                 | 110   |
|----------------------------------|-------------------|-------|

## Progress Made

Cordolvar has reached level 110!

Updates have been slow in coming, largely because I haven't been running dungeons, really. With this being my first time running content beyond Wrath of the Lich King, I decided to enjoy the quest lines in Legion that I've always heard such good things about. I'm glad to say that the things I heard were true, Legion is an engaging series of quests, with nice pacing and enough different styles of quest to avoid monotony—I've enjoyed it a lot.

So after finishing up Stormheim, and running Halls of Valor again for the quest line[^1], Cordolvar tried his hand at an invasion point. I didn't realize that since I didn't have a level 110 character in my account I couldn't do the invasion quests themselves, but all the same, it was enjoyable, since I had a level 110 friend with me whom was able to ferry Cordolvar around, picking up flight points and artifact power.

From there it was on to Val'sharah, and then Highmountain. I'd estimate that Cordolvar was a little over halfway through the Highmountain quest chain when he advanced to level 110. He did continue on for a little while before heading back to Skyhold, the warrior class hall, to check on the cool new level 110 quests and quest rewards.

After redirecting some of Odyn's troops, Cordolvar met with Khadgar, whom teleported him to Suramar to help establish diplomatic relations with a Nightborne. And just like that Cordolvar has begin another quest line of which I've heard so many good things. I hope it lives up to the hype. So far, it is.

### What's Next?

I'll be writing up a summary retrospective, similar to the [Classic Dungeons Retrospective]({% link _posts/2018-02-22-retrospective.md %}). I'd also like to finish a post I've been working on regarding UI design. Beyond that I'm not certain, as the primary purpose of this blog was to journal the leveling process of a protection warrior, and while Cordolvar has reached maximum level, in many ways, the game has just begun. I need to decide if I find it fulfilling to continue this process.

## Random Notes

* &#x1f44e; Killing things as a protection warrior is still a grind.
* &#x1f44d; Level 110!
* &#x1f44d; Tons of artifact power, though I imagine its still a drop in the bucket.
* &#x1f44e; I didn't post many updates.
* &#x1f44e; Cordolvar didn't run many dungeons.
* &#x1f44e; I have yet to use [Neltharion's Fury][neltharions-fury] in combat.

The amounts of artifact power doled out upon advancing to level 110 is staggering. Before level 110, the artifact power is in the hundreds to thousands. You can mostly wrap your head around the numbers. Once you've advanced to level 110, artifact power is measured in the billions and trillions. It seems rather ridiculous.

Cordolvar has only replaced one of his heirloom items so far, which I'm not too sad about. I suspect more and more are coming however.

Now it's time to re-read the [Icy Veins Protection Warrior Tank Guide](https://www.icy-veins.com/wow/protection-warrior-pve-tank-guide) in a fresh light and start learning a lot more about gearing for tanks, and maybe start some simulations.

### UI Modifications

I've spent a lot of time thinking about and re-working my UI. I'm planning to post a lengthy article on the theory behind the design, but it's still in too rough of a state. [Weak Auras]({% link _ui_mods/weak-auras.md %}) gives the player a lot of power and flexibility, but it isn't modeled in a way that's intuitive to me, so I'm having to go through a lot of trial and error to get things how I want them.

{% include powers.md %}

#### Footnotes

[^1]: The other dungeon Cordolvar ran was a friend-boosted run through the Eye of Azshara.
