---
date: 2018-02-22 17:34:14 -0700
title: Level 60
---
Now officially able to run dungeons in Outlands and Northrend, Cordolvar gets a taste of his icy new environment.

## Quick Stats

|-----------------|-------------------|-------|
|                 | Since Last Update | Total |
|-----------------|-------------------|-------|
| Deaths          | 1                 | 23    |
| Dungeons Tanked | 2                 | 53    |
| Levels Gained   | 1                 | 60    |
|-----------------|-------------------|-------|

## Progress Made

Starting out in Utgarde Keep, the party formed up, and Cordolvar died on the first trash pull. Things went smoothly after that however, so I guess the healer just needed to shake the rust off. That first pull in UK can be a little crazy, as adds are often on the menu (and this was no exception). It probably didn't help that the party's Warlock was was constantly just running around mining, or gathering quest objectives, while the rest of us were, you know, fighting mobs. This was rather annoying.

Next I thought I'd take advantage of the Classic dungeons while I still could, so I queued there, and went to Blackrock Depths: Upper City, for a nice, clean run. The kind that just feels so good.

Cordolvar reached level 60, and trained for flying. Huzzah!

## Random Notes

The new level scaling has many advantages, one of its disadvantages however, is that one must choose to queue for either a Classic dungeon, a Burning Crusade dungeon, or a Wrath of the Lich King dungeon. There's no "just pick a random dungeon from all three" option. This meant I could queue for UK, or I could queue for Hellfire Ramparts, or one of three remaining Classic Dungeons. As a result, queueing for UK took a whole 30 seconds! Unbelievable! Longest queue time yet, by far.

* &#x1f44d; Level 60
* &#x1f44e; Died again. I was looking forward to tracking how many dungeons Cordolvar completed without a death.
